1.  Assalamu alaykum, mam.Good noon. this is  yeasin arafat.Today I'm going to  carry out a project 
presentation on free Energy generator with Dc motor that contributes to electricity and magnetism.

5. Before initiate the presentation At first I want to give thanks to our honourable  teacher MS.Meherun nesa mam for giving opportunity,guidance and encouragement 
to work on this project.Throughout this presentation we will make cover all about free Energy generator like what is wireless charging, how it was made, what is the diagram, 
applications

6. Well, This great invention actually invented greatest scientist Nikola Tesla. It was impressive that he invented this in 1891, before traditional iron-core transformers were invented.
This circuit may be used as wireless power transfer circuit, wireless mobile charger circuit, wireless battery charger circuit, etc.

7.Now, to be said about The free energy generator is a device, which is used to generate electrical energy without using any baterry or current connection.There are different types of 
generators in different sizes. On this project presentation I selected free energy generator with Dc motor.

8. On this slide we can see a diagram that how this project actually made. It is noticible that figure a contains is flywheel and figure (b) is a basic diagram of free energy generator flywheel 
The flywheel is used in reciprocating engines to store some amount of energy during the power stroke and deliver it back during the next cycle. Similarly, it is used in toy cars, Gyroscopes, etc.

9. Lets glance on my project how I actually made it with necessary components.
well, the project executes when we blowing on the caps upon disk, then it automitaclly generate electricity and runs fan

10. Moving on to the next slide, we can observe some components I used to make this project successfully. these are-

12. If I say about the advantages, There are some advantages of this generator that is useful. The first and foremost is that this is simple...

13. Despite having some advantages there are also some disadvantegs of it which are

14. Moreover, We can use on different sides such as

15.FInally,This brings me to the end of my presentation. Today, I 
discusse about free energy..
Thank you so much for your patience during the presentation. 